Quick description: We want to analyze the effect that nhl players have on the
teammates that they frequently play with.

Nodes: A node in our network will represent an individual player.

Links: Each player will have a link to another player if they have been deployed
together for a significant (>600 minutes in a season) time at 5on5.
Additionally, our network will likely be a directed multigraph, to accomodate
for potentially asymmetric effects that players may have on each other for a
    variety of different performance metrics.

Dataset: moneypuck.com makes available their set of advanced metrics for each
player as well as every line combination with significant sample (>600 minutes)
on a season by season basis. This information in turn comes from the nhl api,
but is in a slightly pre-processed format to make the information we are
interested in a bit more available.

est. nodes: ~2000. 1000 players played in the nhl last year. Since the number of
teams has been relatively stable and each draft brings in about 100 new players
each year (200 draftees with a 50% chance of making the nhl), over a 10 year
period we can estimate to have around 2000 nodes.

est. edges: 10000+. Each player plays with at least 1 partner, often more each
season. Additionally, these deployments frequently change on a yearly basis.
Each year there are generally 2x as many line combinations than nhl players.

Questions: What players are the best at increasing the effectiveness of their
linemates? Least effective? Are there players that notably affect linemates in
specific metrics such as defensive or offensive play? Are there potentially more
effective player deployments that synergize more effectively?  Can a player's
synergistic effects with other players be inflating/deflating their contract
value?

Why do we care?: Sports leagues are hyper competetive and feature large amounts
of generated value for ownership groups and local communities. It is
consistently shown that more successful teams competetively have immediate
financial successes as well. The current state of hockey analytics is largely
focused on individual contributions, with the effects that players have on each
other largely hand waved away as player x carried player y and so on. We hope to
contribute a more formal quantification of this currently subjective effect.
